:orphan:

Appendix A
----------

**End-user license agreement – TrueNAS®**

BY PURCHASING, DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (EULA). IF YOU
DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1.**DEFINITIONS**

"Company" means iXsystems, Inc.

"Product" means iXsystems Storage Appliance software (TrueNAS®).

"EULA" means this End User License Agreement

"You" means the natural person or the entity that is agreeing to be bound by this EULA, their employees and third party contractors that provide services to
you.

"Open Source Software" means various open source software components licensed under the terms of applicable open source license agreements included in the
materials relating to such software. Open Source Software is composed of individual software components, each of which has its own copyright and its own
applicable license conditions.

"FreeNAS" means a complete open source operating system available at http://www.iXsystems.org

"Site" means iXsystems, Inc. website: http://www.iXsystems.com


2. **TERMS AND CONDITIONS**

2.1. Company grants You a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the Product on a single computer, subject to the terms and
conditions of this EULA and in accordance with the instructions, specifications and documentation provided with the Product (collectively, the
"Documentation"). This license of Product may not be shared or used concurrently on different computers.

2.2. Product Warranty Disclaimer. THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE. Company
BEARS NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE (OR ATTEMPTED USE) OF THE PRODUCT.

2.3. You agree that You will NOT without the express written authorization of Company:

(a) copy, sell, sublicense, or otherwise transfer the Product to any third party;

(b) remove any titles, trademarks or trade names, copyright notices, legends, or other proprietary markings on the software in the Product;

(c)
except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law, and to the extent that the Company is not permitted by that applicable law to exclude or limit the
following rights, You will not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Product, in whole or in part.

2.4. FreeNAS software. The Product contains part of FreeNAS software, which in turn contains a variety of Open Source Software components. You can
redistribute and/or modify the Open Source Software under the terms and conditions of the corresponding open source licenses. You may obtain a copy of the
source code corresponding to the binaries for the Open Source Software from the FreeNAS home page at http://www.FreeNAS.org. You agree to comply with the
applicable licenses and additional terms and notices of such Open Source Software components. Company makes no warranties or representations of any kind to
You regarding Open Source Software components, or that the corresponding open source licenses may not change or be altered at any time.

2.5. Third party software. The Product may contain Third Party software that must be separately licensed. Any separately licensed software is licensed
exclusively by that license and the terms of this License Agreement do not apply.

2.6. Software Modifications. Modifications of the Product software will not be supported by the Company unless indicated otherwise by express written
authorization. Company will not be liable for any modifications to the Product software or any errors or damages resulting from such modifications.

2.7. Company may update or discontinue the Product or revise the Documentation at any time without prior notice to You, and the Product and/or the
Documentation may become unavailable to You even after an order is placed. All prices mentioned on the Company Site are subject to change without notice.

2.8. Product Descriptions; Pricing; Errors. Company attempts to be as accurate as possible and eliminate errors in the Product and on the Site. However,
Company does not warrant that the Product, its descriptions, photographs, pricing or other content of the Site is accurate, complete, reliable, stable, defect
free, current, or error-free. In the event of an error, whether on the Site or otherwise, Company reserves the right to correct such error at any time, and
Your sole remedy in the event of such error is stop using the Product.

3. **TERMINATION**

3.1. Termination. This License Agreement shall commence as of the date on which the submitted trial registration request has been received by Company and,
unless terminated earlier in accordance with this License Agreement shall continue in perpetuity.

3.2. Company may terminate this EULA immediately and without notice if You fail to comply with any term of this EULA.

4. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

4.1. Company PROVIDES THE PRODUCT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR IN ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS EULA OR COMMUNICATION
WITH You. Company SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON- INFRINGEMENT.

4.2. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL Company BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, LOSS OF USE,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.

5. **GENERAL**

5.1. Governing Law. This License Agreement shall be governed, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and of the
State of California.

5.2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between the parties for Product and all other prior negotiations,
representations, agreements, and understandings are superseded hereby. No agreements altering or supplementing the terms hereof may be made except by means of
a written document signed by the duly authorized representatives of the parties.

5.3. Waiver and Modification. No failure of either party to exercise or enforce any of its rights under this EULA will act as a waiver of those rights. This
EULA may only be modified, or any rights under it waived, by a written document executed by the party against which it is asserted.

5.4. Severability. If any provision of this EULA is found illegal or unenforceable, it will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the legality
and enforceability of the other provisions of this EULA will not be affected.

5.5. United States Government End Users. For any Software licensed directly or indirectly on behalf of a unit or agency of the United States Government, this
paragraph applies. Company's proprietary software embodied in the Product: (a) was developed at private expense and is in all respects Company's proprietary
information; (b) was not developed with government funds; (c) is Company's trade secret for all purposes of the Freedom of Information Act; (d) is a
commercial item and thus, pursuant to Section 12.212 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) and DFAR Supplement Section 227.7202, Government's use,
duplication or disclosure of such software is subject to the restrictions set forth by the Company.

5.6. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. You will comply with the requirements of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and will refrain
from making, directly or indirectly, any payments to third parties which constitute a breach of the FCPA. You will notify Company immediately upon Your
becoming aware that such a payment has been made. You will indemnify and hold harmless Company from any breach of this provision.

5.7. Export Restrictions. You may not export or re-export the Product except in compliance with the United States Export Administration Act and the related
rules and regulations and similar non-U.S. government restrictions, if applicable. The Product and accompanying documentation are deemed to be "commercial
computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation" respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212(b), as applicable.

5.8. All disputes arising out of or relating to this EULA will be exclusively resolved in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association (the "AAA Rules") under confidential binding arbitration held in Santa Clara County, California. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, no arbitration under this EULA will be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this EULA, whether through class
arbitration proceedings or otherwise. Any litigation relating to this EULA shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District
of California and the state courts of the State of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California.

5.9. Title. Company retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Software and the Software License Key and in all related copyrights, trade secrets,
patents, trademarks, and any other intellectual and industrial property and proprietary rights, including registrations, applications, renewals, and
extensions of such rights.

5.10. Contact Information. If You have any questions about this Agreement, or if You want to contact Company for any reason, please email sales@iXsystems.com.

